RHDHBUGS-769: Add homepage card props reference and missing props table (#2508)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/ref-available-homepage-cards.adoc

= Available homepage cards

[role="_abstract"]
Use the available homepage cards to integrate custom features from installed plugins into your {product} Home page.

Each card is configured as a mount point under `home.page/cards` in the `{my-app-config-file}` file.
Cards support a `layouts` definition for responsive grid placement, `props` for component-specific configuration, and optional `visibilityRules` to control which users can see the card.

> The following table lists all available homepage cards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available homepage cards are listed in the following table:
```
